Lich Lord prototype

Hey im back
Im working on a new project
RTS survival

X get a sword in the hand of an npc
X Make him attack with it

X Fix maneuver timer, convert to tickers

X Rotate dead guy?

X Make a bow guy... this will take a while

X Make bow shot drop
X Make bow aim right

X Make explosive arrows maneuver

X Make explosions hit players

X Make NPC projectiles work against non authority clients

X Pass Damage

X Create better VFX

X NPC Teleport spawning instead of the lerp

X Force animation to correct frame for Non Authority when shooting an arrow

X Redo NPC replicator

X Fix NCP Saving

X Add spawn point for players

X Fix up jump and fly movement states

X Teleport on spawn

x Make fly particle

X Add interact state animation
X Fix up player state for interact
X Get Interact Animation State

X Rehook save/load

X Make a better path for position replication for players

X Add hit reacts for NPCs.. Make a system

X Add NPC blood

X Make enemies target nexus.
X Make spawn waves.

X Make invasion target stronghold
X Get stronghold Healthbars

X Get an Invasion UI warning, put it above the nexus too

X Make NPC melee damage stronghold
X Make NPC projectiles damage stronghold

X Get UI floating bars above a nexus

X Buy rock harvestable
X Create spawn locations.
X Spawn them at spawn locations.
X Make player rotate in place animations

X Harvest Rock on interact
X Add stone to my inventory

X Make inventory cap
X Remove stone from node.
X Clear node on empty
X Get particle system for interact complete
X How would we spawn rocks on the ground. Probably just a particle/fake.
X Add the currency to the UI for tracking

X Post Inventory full UI

X Make tree!
X Fix the aim lead.
X Make NPCs have a "face target index" -> this will override the facing on the clients
X Get LOS requirement for arrows shooting
X Make Impact hits attach and detach properly for remotes
X Death Impact VFX

X Get Player Health
X NPC Hit player
X Player Impact Effect

X Get Additive hit flinch for player

X Make arrows hit player
X Get explosive arrows to aim high

X Spearman enemy

X Save/load stronghold
X Interact with stockpile to drop off items
X Save stockpile data
X Place a building object. Stockpile. Drop off items at stockpile with interact. 

X Update UI to show stockpile items

X Get Stronghold to summon an invasion

X Save stronghold health and RANK

X Make buildable wall targetable by enemies

X Show total items in stockpile via a floating widget nearby. and on the HUD.

X Make VFX to hide remotes spawning strongholds 

X Predict drop off stockpile

X Make stockpiles spawn piles attached.

X Make less problems with Strongholds and late joins

X Make buildables placement VFX.

X Make Buildable checker for failure. Just use the radius atm

X Make bounce buildable on spawn

X Make destroy state/animation
X Figure out why fireball doesn't detonate at times

X Save Load Worker
X Save Load Stronghold ZOne ID

X Make starting crypt/npc helper
X Get NPC Data Definition for workers

X Make harvest maneuver animation index play
X Make choice between harvest and attack.. use distance?

X Make the amount harvested by type defined in the npc definition

X Level editor placement Random Yaw
X Level editor placement random scale for trees.

X Fix crash on shutdown in Player

X Convert the chunk replicator to 512s and make them bigger

X Put max workers on the HUD

X Make crypts spawn them alone.

X Have crypts check in non to see if they can move to spawning.

X Ensure that NPCs will always have nearby chunks replicated.
X Fix replicator problems for chunks
X Wrap the Chunk Replicators in a struct

X Make Tutorial Dialog
X Make it so the tutorial can be toggled and saved.

X Tick timeout for dialog

X On second invasion without load, the characters aren't updating the move position correctly or something

X Get NPCs to respect attitude for attacking.
X Make dialog NPC spawning and attaching dialog to them.
X Have them walk to the stronghold, but not attack..

X WEIRD ATTITUDE CHANGES POST APPLY DAMAGE EVEN IF DAMAGE IS ZERO

X Make a dialog force them to become hostile

X Make Retreating cause them to run toward spawn.

X Make a dialog force them to retreat.

X Make damaging an invasion npc cause all invaders to become hostile

X Get Dialog Owner Icon and Name
X Just use the definition for now

X Check on remotes
X Make the dialog boxes

X Make Iron
X Make Mushrooms

X Get formations to fill... it needs to all be on the server side

X Make warriors spawn from spawn state.
X Make sure warriors time out.
X Make summon skeletons spell.
X Do Nav mesh generation per terrain

x Make a bar for their lifetime in the floating UI tool tip
X Fix up casting anim for the summons

X Get Interact to work with staff

X InteractingActionDefinition for WeaponType.. Set hand too

X Get Weapon to shrink and expand
X Make a sword
x Let the weapon id determine the animation idle

X Adjust the camera

X Get Right Mouse to attack.
X Figure out hit
X Hook up weapon selection

X Figure out how to open and close a storage UI container
X Interact Active Results in Open Menu
X Menu closes when something happens
X Maintain interact to keep menu open?

X Get Chest to Open while interacting
X Close Menus with E and Escape
X Menu only closes when the Interact Stops

X Make sure interacting post save will cancel
X Make sure interact from Inventory doesn't fuck up

X run maneuver to summons

X Make the guys spawn outside of the stronghold nexus thing. So it doesn't look weird

X Fix the bug where i move the items too fast and workers fail to spawn
X Make item slot prediction
X Fixing interact harvest and stockpile
X Rework stockpiles and harvesting for player.
X Make sure stockpiles can't be added to with non currencies
X Get Stock pile drop off to try and stack
X Get Dead Worker Items to Be Destroyed? 
X Reduce ItemData struct to 4 bits

X Show progress on Widget, Floating Tooltip, Create Effect state.

X Create Smelter (Convert Iron Ore + Wood into Iron Ingot)

X Create Cauldron (Convert Mushrooms + Wood into Ichor) (Convert Wood + Reeds to Pulp)

X Make Ichor Item

X Make Bone/Grave Nodes

X Fix bug with charcoal creation, wood wood

X Create Necrofurnace (Convert Bones and Ichor to Worker Item).. Workbench Type?

X Make UI for recipe list

REMINDER: YOU ARE GOING BLIND

Create Task Master (Give workers orders)

Need a widget per worker 
Make UI Widget that populates the WorkerData and task for each

Items of different types that don't stack should swap

Make AI Turret Buildable Type

Make souls sucking and spending for the summons

Get tutorial icons

Make Mini Map
Make the spawn point for initial spawn

Fix targeting stuff above with ranged attacks vs melee.

Make gold
Make souls
X Make Bones

Add hit reacts for spells

Shield Block skill
Get Ranged NPCS to back up
Ogre bonus radius
Ogre AOE attack..
Ogre Hit React Fix

Get Buildable validation and snapping.

Make changable commands for the kind of resource to gather.

I love this project

Mechanim animations for workers and equipping items

Spending cost for construction

Destroy buildable effect

add a prop count to the replicators and only update to the count

compress FNetObjectID to 2 bytes from 5. // saves 300 bytes for projectiles alone
possibly compress position for projectiles

Item crafting queue
